If we're going to compete
How about competing with internal strength?
Sister-in-law, let me help you
What are they doing?
I heard that
Compete with internal strength first
Compete internal strength
A martial arts novel?
It's really eye-opening
What are the two of them doing?
Captain, what do we do next?
Next step
Next I just want these two to die
You actually acted for me in public
Yeah what the hell are they doing
Get Lily Love to me, it's the captain
I'm here to make money.
I'm not here to be a guard
Yes, mobile phone snacks are not allowed
Bored to death
Ah!
Uh-huh.
Oops, how about I get an internal injury?
Sister-in-law, you are so insidious
You actually burn your internal organs with yin qi
Since we are all hurt
Let's call it a tie
I'm not satisfied, come again.
Okay, but even if we tie
Wait until next time.
Let's fight again